docs: new product messaging for marketing launch (#52319)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/enroll-resources/application-access/okta/sync-scim.mdx

- **Comparing with Teleport Hierarchy**: The flattened list of members from Okta is compared against the existing
Access List hierarchy in Teleport.
- **Adding New Members**:

>   - **New Users**: If there are new users added in Okta that are not present in the Teleport Zero Trust Access List hierarchy,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **New Users**: If there are new users added in Okta that are not present in the Teleport Identity Governance Access List hierarchy,
```
